---
layout: post
title: "Jing's team won the First Place in the 2024 CADathlon contest at ICCAD"
tags: [EDA, CAD]
---

<script type="text/x-mathjax-config">
MathJax.Hub.Config({
  tex2jax: {inlineMath: [['$','$'], ['\\(','\\)']]}
});
</script>
<script type="text/javascript" async
  src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mathjax/2.7.1/MathJax.js?config=TeX-AMS_HTML">
</script>

<!-- <ul id="toc"></ul> -->

<!-- --- -->
{% include image.html img="/data/contests/ICCAD2024_CADathlon/ICCAD2024_CADathlon-1.jpeg" caption="CADathlon award presented at ICCAD 2024 opening ceremony."%}

I am thrilled to announce that my teammate Zizheng Guo and I have won the first place in the [2024 CADathlon contest at ICCAD](https://2024.iccad.com/cadathlon-iccad-2024), under the guidance of Prof. Yibo Lin.

The CADathlon is an intensive, day-long programming competition that challenges participants to solve cutting-edge problems in Computer-Aided Design (CAD) and Electronic Design Automation (EDA). This prestigious contest evaluates contestants' mastery of algorithmic techniques for CAD applications, their problem-solving capabilities, programming proficiency, and ability to work as a team.

Often referred to as the "Olympic games of EDA," the CADathlon brings together elite graduate students who represent the future of CAD professionals. It provides both academia and industry with valuable insights into emerging challenges and helps identify rising talent in the field, while also attracting top graduate students to pursue careers in EDA.

The competition featured six challenging problems spanning crucial areas of EDA:

- Circuit Design & Analysis
- Physical Design & Design for Manufacturability
- Logic & High-Level Synthesis
- System Design & Analysis
- Functional Verification & Testing
- Future Technologies (including Bio-EDA, Security, AI, and more)

We were honored to receive our award during the ICCAD 2024 opening ceremony.

I would like to express my sincere gratitude to my teammate Zizheng and our advisor Prof. Lin for their invaluable support throughout this journey!

[[Chinese WeChat Official Account Post](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/x0TA_VO_t8AhJ73OzdR2cA)]

{% include image.html img="/data/contests/ICCAD2024_CADathlon/ICCAD2024_CADathlon-2.jpeg" caption="Zizheng Guo and Jing Mai won the first place in the CADathlon contest at ICCAD 2024."%}
